Github is used for adding changes to the software. Weekstmp user (on the desktop in the TMP office) has a local repository: ArchesEADGithub, which contains the latest Arches EAD cutomized software. This is connected to legiongis EAD github repository - https://github.com/legiongis/ead. 

Changes can be checked using the interface 'SourceTree'. By using refresh and pull commands can pull down the changes into my local repo from Adam's repo. 

You can upload any changes you make to the software by also using source tree:
Update program
Stage it
Commit it
Push to repo on Github 


To update the Arches EAD software from github, use the console app: 'VMware vSphere Client'. 
Sign in using 
1. IP address/Name 10.2.49.60 
2. User name:      AUC\[your AUC email user name]
3. Password:       [your AUC email password]

Navigate to the production server L-Arches and right click to select 'open console'. You now have the console and can input commands. 

On the EAD production server, apache is used as the webserver for the app, instead of the django webserver that is used on the development server. This means that deploying changes to the production server requires a couple extra steps so that apache will use these changes.

First, as with the development server, enter the ead directory (cd /opt/arches/ead and run
git pull
to pull new code changes from github.

Now, depending on what type(s) of files have been changed, you may need to complete one or two more steps so that apache will recognize the changes.

1. Python files: IF any changes have been made to .py files (settings.py, forms.py, etc.) you must restart apache in order for these changes to take effect. Run this command
sudo service apache2 restart
You'll get a notification that apache has been stopped and restarted OK.

2. IF changes have been made to static files, such as .css, .js, or any image files, you must run a django command that collects these files into a central location where apache knows to look for them. Run this command (with the virtual environment activated) from the root app folder (the one that contains manage.py) 

cd /opt/arches
source ENV/bin/activate
cd ead
python manage.py collectstatic
You will be prompted to make sure you want to follow through with the command. Type
yes
and hit enter. Now all of your app's static files, including those that are in arches and arches_hip in ENV/.../site-packages, will be collected into a centralized location, and if any files have been changed since the command was run last, they will be used to overwrite the existing version. Now apache will be able to find all of the updated static files.

3. HTML files: IF changes have been made to .htm (HTML) templates, these changes will be used with no further action needed.

